So I told you.
How could the lofty God Ye enter my Wang family?
It was you who impersonated
Yeah, why didn't I think of that?
Even if the magic doctor cannot cure Liu Lao's condition at a glance
But you wouldn't say such shameless words.
Make a scene at the banquet and insult Liu Lao
you
It's Long Shao who sees what you do
You girl kept me alive
Ye Ran, tell me the truth
Who are you?
I'm afraid where did you come from?
I've been told by you from start to finish that I'm a night market person
Not bad.
Chicken mother's mouth is not hard
I'm not finished yet.
Although I am not Dr. Ye Shenyi
But the one on top of your mouth
I, Ye Yan, just me
And he is in front of me Ye Yan
Only for nobles
Hahaha, it's worn out.
It's starting to break
Ye Ye, are you really going up the pole?
Why do you need people at night?
An existence that even the head of the Liu family respects
You still have the guts to say goodbye to me here
He actually had the nerve to lick a dog's face and burn it
Ye Yan, this is not a place to joke
Stop making trouble
You can notify Dr. Ye of his visit
If he is not expensive
I, Ye Yan, give it to you all
kowtow
I really mean Cao Cao Cao Cao is here
I'll let you die today
Ye Shenyi
There's an unsuspecting chop suey here today
Maoming replaces
What!
Doctor Ye, what did you say?